Lu Gongzi is really forgetful
Forget our conversation so soon
I won't go with you in the future, will I?
Senior Brother Lu Xue
I thought he would definitely come with me
Brother, time is running out
let go
I let you go
After the car accident
The master's car is fully locked
It's been parked at the scrap center.
Two surveys by the training institute
Not a clue
This is obviously different from Song Yichuan's caliber
Brother, trust me.
Certainly.
I have doubts about the appraisal results
After returning home
He has been secretly investigating Song Yuchuan
Since the wolf's ambition is false
It's not impossible.
I contacted the appraisal experts
We're going to the scrap center now to take the exam with him
The death of the master
But let's just forget it.
Thank you, brother.
What did the fool say to me thank you
That is
How could that be dad's car?